I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The New House
Daddy Pig is working hard in his work room.
What are you doing, Daddy?
I'm building a new house.
It's very small.
Is it a house for elves and fairies?
Oh, no. This is a model.
The real house will be much bigger.
Ah?
And this is a drawing
of what needs to be built.
I think something is missing, Daddy.
There!
Peppa has drawn a swing to go outside the house.
Perfect.
Would you like to visit the new house?
Yes, please!
Daddy Pig is taking Peppa and George
to see the house he's building.
Here we are!
But Daddy, there's nothing here.
That's because
the building work hasn't started yet.
Digger! Digger!
Here are Mr. Bull and his friends.
Mr. Bull has come to build the new house.
Aren't you building it, Daddy?
I've done the hard bit.
Mr. Bull just has to follow my instructions.
Hello, Mr. Pig! What is it to be?
Car park? Swimming pool? Rocket station?
A house!
Can you build it exactly like this please?
But bigger.
Mr. Pig wants a house.
Is it going to be built of straw?
Or sticks?
Or bricks, Mr. Pig?
Bricks, please!
Good choice.
Don't forget the swing!
Don't worry, Peppa. We won't.
Can I help?
George wants to help too.
OK, George!
Could you put a blob of mortar here?
It looks like a square of tin mud.
Mortar is a very special kind of mud
that sticks bricks together.
Peppa, would you like to lie the first brick?
Yes, please!
Well done! I'll do the rest.
Bricks must be laid straight on level,
see? Line after line.
That will take ages!
Yes.
Will you finish it today?
Oh, no. You can't build a house in a day.
It'll be finished tomorrow.
Good! See you tomorrow, Mr. Bull!
Bye-bye.
Bye.
George put the sticky mud down,
and I put the brick on top.
That all sounds very exciting.
Now, close your eyes and go to sleep.
It is morning.
Peppa and George cannot wait to see the new house.
It's finished.
Almost finished.
It just needs to be inspected.
Mr. Rabbit is the building inspector.
Very good. But wait! It's not finished.
What?
You forgot the swing.
Moo!
Oh, no. We didn't.
Thank you, Mr. Bull.
Now it's all ready
for our new neighbours to move in.
Neighbours?
Yes, Peppa. We've got new neighbours.
Mr. Wolf and his family are moving
into their new home.
Oh, look, little piggies.
Hello, I'm Wendy wolf.
I'm Peppa pig.
Thank you for building our house, Mr. Pig.
What's it made of, straw, sticks?
It's made of bricks.
Let's see how strong it is.
I'll huff and I'll puff, and I'll...
Mmm, that is strong.
What's your own house made of, Mr. Pig?
Bricks. So don't even think about it!
Oh, a swing.
That was my idea.
It's very good. You have a go.
Can you push me?
No, I'll huff and puff instead.